README.md, before:

# Minimal Mistakes Jekyll Theme

Minimal Mistakes is a flexible two-column Jekyll theme. Perfect for hosting your personal site, blog, or portfolio on GitHub or self-hosting on your own server. As the name implies --- styling is purposely minimalistic to be enhanced and customized by you :smile:.

[![Minimal Mistakes live preview][2]][1]

[1]: https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/
[2]: images/mm-browser-mockups.png (live preview)

The theme includes responsive layouts (`single`, `archive`, and `splash` pages) that look great on mobile and desktop browsers.

![layout examples](images/mm-layout-examples.png)

## [Installation and Setup](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/quick-start-guide/) / [Preview the Theme](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/)

### Notable Features

- Compatible with Jekyll 3.x and GitHub Pages
- Several layout options (single, archive, splash pages)
- SEO optimized with support for [Twitter Cards](https://dev.twitter.com/cards/overview) and [Open Graph](http://ogp.me/) data
- Optional header images, sidebars, table of contents, galleries, related posts, breadcrumb links, and more.
- Optional comments ([Disqus](https://disqus.com/), [Facebook](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/comments), Google+, [Discourse](https://www.discourse.org/), and custom).
- Optional analytics ([Google Analytics](https://www.google.com/analytics/) and custom).

#### Demo Pages

| Name                                        | Description                                           |
| ------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| [Post with Header Image][header-image-post] | A post with a large header image. |
| [HTML Tags and Formatting Post][html-tags-post] | A variety of common markup showing how the theme styles them. |
| [Syntax Highlighting Post][syntax-post] | Post displaying highlighted code. |
| [Post with a Gallery][gallery-post] | A post showing several images wrapped in `<figure>` elements. |
| [Sample Collection Page][sample-collection] | Single page from a collection. |
| [Categories Archive][categories-archive] | Posts grouped by category. |
| [Tags Archive][tags-archive] | Posts grouped by tags. |

For even more demo pages check the [posts archive][year-archive].

[header-image-post]: https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/layout-header-image-text-readability/
[gallery-post]: https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/post%20formats/post-gallery/
[html-tags-post]: https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/markup/markup-html-tags-and-formatting/
[syntax-post]: https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/markup-syntax-highlighting/
[sample-collection]: https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/recipes/chocolate-chip-cookies/
[categories-archive]: https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/categories/
[tags-archive]: https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/tags/
[year-archive]: https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/year-archive/

---

### Credits

#### Icons + Demo Images:

- [The Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com) -- Garrett Knoll, Arthur Shlain, and [tracy tam](https://thenounproject.com/tracytam)
- [Font Awesome](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/)
- [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)

#### Other:

- [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/)
- [jQuery](http://jquery.com/)
- [Susy](http://susy.oddbird.net/)
- [Breakpoint](http://breakpoint-sass.com/)
- [Magnific Popup](http://dimsemenov.com/plugins/magnific-popup/)
- [FitVids.JS](http://fitvidsjs.com/)
- Greedy Navigation - [lukejacksonn](http://codepen.io/lukejacksonn/pen/PwmwWV)
- [jQuery Smooth Scroll](https://github.com/kswedberg/jquery-smooth-scroll)
- [Stickyfill](https://github.com/wilddeer/stickyfill)

---

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Michael Rose

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Bring up to date with 3.2.11

README.md, after:

# Minimal Mistakes Jekyll Theme

Minimal Mistakes is a flexible two-column Jekyll theme. Perfect for hosting your personal site, blog, or portfolio on GitHub or self-hosting on your own server. As the name implies --- styling is purposely minimalistic to be enhanced and customized by you :smile:.

[![Minimal Mistakes live preview][2]][1]

[1]: https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/
[2]: images/mm-browser-mockups.png (live preview)

The theme includes responsive layouts (`single`, `archive`, and `splash` pages) that look great on mobile and desktop browsers.

![layout examples](images/mm-layout-examples.png)

## [Installation and Setup](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/quick-start-guide/) / [Preview the Theme](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/)

### Notable Features

- Compatible with Jekyll 3.x and GitHub Pages
- Several layout options (single, archive, splash pages)
- SEO optimized with support for [Twitter Cards](https://dev.twitter.com/cards/overview) and [Open Graph](http://ogp.me/) data
- Optional header images, sidebars, table of contents, galleries, related posts, breadcrumb links, and more.
- Optional comments ([Disqus](https://disqus.com/), [Facebook](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/comments), Google+, [Discourse](https://www.discourse.org/), and custom).
- Optional analytics ([Google Analytics](https://www.google.com/analytics/) and custom).

#### Demo Pages

| Name                                        | Description                                           |
| ------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| [Post with Header Image][header-image-post] | A post with a large header image. |
| [HTML Tags and Formatting Post][html-tags-post] | A variety of common markup showing how the theme styles them. |
| [Syntax Highlighting Post][syntax-post] | Post displaying highlighted code. |
| [Post with a Gallery][gallery-post] | A post showing several images wrapped in `<figure>` elements. |
| [Sample Collection Page][sample-collection] | Single page from a collection. |
| [Categories Archive][categories-archive] | Posts grouped by category. |
| [Tags Archive][tags-archive] | Posts grouped by tags. |

For even more demo pages check the [posts archive][year-archive].

[header-image-post]: https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/layout-header-image-text-readability/
[gallery-post]: https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/post%20formats/post-gallery/
[html-tags-post]: https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/markup/markup-html-tags-and-formatting/
[syntax-post]: https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/markup-syntax-highlighting/
[sample-collection]: https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/recipes/chocolate-chip-cookies/
[categories-archive]: https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/categories/
[tags-archive]: https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/tags/
[year-archive]: https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/year-archive/

---

## Contributing

Having trouble working with the theme? Found a typo in the documentation? Interested in adding a feature or [fixing a bug](https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes/issues)? Then by all means [submit an issue](https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes/issues/new) or [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/). If this is your first pull request, it may be helpful to read up on the [GitHub Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/) first.

Minimal Mistakes has been designed as a base for you to customize and fit your site's unique needs. Please keep this in mind when requesting features and/or submitting pull requests. If it's not something that most people will use, I probably won't consider it. When in doubt ask. 

This goes for author sidebar links and "share button" additions -- I have no intention of merging in every possibly option, the essentials are there to get you started :smile:.

### Pull Requests

To help me out try to avoid creating pull requests on `master` and instead branch off of `develop`. It's much easier for me to test, merge, and roll them into new releases this way.

---

## Credits

### Icons + Demo Images:

- [The Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com) -- Garrett Knoll, Arthur Shlain, and [tracy tam](https://thenounproject.com/tracytam)
- [Font Awesome](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/)
- [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)

### Other:

- [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/)
- [jQuery](http://jquery.com/)
- [Susy](http://susy.oddbird.net/)
- [Breakpoint](http://breakpoint-sass.com/)
- [Magnific Popup](http://dimsemenov.com/plugins/magnific-popup/)
- [FitVids.JS](http://fitvidsjs.com/)
- Greedy Navigation - [lukejacksonn](http://codepen.io/lukejacksonn/pen/PwmwWV)
- [jQuery Smooth Scroll](https://github.com/kswedberg/jquery-smooth-scroll)
- [Stickyfill](https://github.com/wilddeer/stickyfill)

---

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Michael Rose

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
